# 04-21-2026

*at \~7 PM PST*



<br>



Hello again 👋 It's been a minute. I guess I just haven't felt like working much on this as of late. It's interesting how you can be so motivated for something and most of it just dies in a moment. Hopefully I can stick to this a little better in the future. That being said, I was planning on doing a blog post on April 19th, which was my 24th birthday, but the time got away from me and it's only about halfway through my work week that I've remembered.



At any rate, I am now 24 years old. I'm pretty sure it's not supposed to feel different, because it doesn't even slightly. Nevertheless, the psychological weight of being one year closer to 30 is having the typical effects it seems to impart on most folks in their 20's. The search for direction, when you have no partner or fatherly ambitions, is a difficult one. I seem to lack the motivation or energy to capitalize on some of the more fun ideas that hit me sometimes, like starting a new TV show, or toying around with some tech fixation. The driven people of this world, who have an idea and just see it to completion, even if the result is disappointing, are the real superheroes. I'm convinced of this.



I can't help but wonder how much different I'd feel if the world were not in a biblical war with some of its most evil people. The juxtaposition of my daily life, seeing things like my friends getting married and pursuing home ownership, growing into this image of a normal life that kid me thought he'd one day have, with the shady and dystopian futures our governments and corporations seem to be building for us, is jarring to say the least. There's this dreadful feeling that it all may be for nothing, which is a shitty thing to battle with some days. Age is slowly teaching me that this is a normal feeling, and I have to get comfortable with it. At 24, it seems my heart still has some reservations.



Putting that aside, I recently dug up my brother's old PS3 and switched it on. After resetting the clock, which likely lost its track years ago, I was greeted with the XMB. It was a very nostalgic sight, especially seeing the many games (which were all demos) with install dates from late 2013 through 2014. My intention is to use it with my projector to give me something to do in bed besides browsing my phone, which I've been trying to do less of. My projector is unfortunately a little crappy and cheap, so I'm rather limited where I can put it if I want the keystone to fit the available space my room affords me. Eventually, I hope to have some kind of functioning homebrew setup on the PS3, and maybe use it for more than games. Time will tell.





