# March 9, 2026

<br>

## Content Warning
### I was pretty frustrated when I wrote this. Please move on if you're looking for something happy.  

<br>

I mentioned in my update yesterday that the zone design was not final, and some near-immediate changes were pretty likely.  
However, I feel like writing at the moment, so the backend infrastructural improvements will have to wait while I talk about things via my prototypical soapbox.

On the About page, I mention being addicted to social media. It's clear now that, while this project was originally intended to pull me away from the mindless scrolling, I've still found myself reverting to the same habits fairly often. That wouldn't be so bad if Instagram were ***just*** a place to look at silly videos. Unfortunately, it also makes for an extremely effective and consistent reminder of the many horrors man stubbornly continues to conjure up.

With that said, I'm now in a poor enough mood tonight to do much of anything else, so here is a loose collection of grievances and acknowledgements in no particular order.

I, and many like me, are just simply jaded. My government is basically an Israeli puppet show and the taxes I pay them seem to fund everything <u>except</u> improving the general quality of life. The prosperity enjoyed by folks of mid-yestercentury was stolen and abused so that few else, from then on, could ever dare to dream of such wonders as owning a house or retiring happily. What we're instead left with is a ruling class of pedophiles and cannibals, who seem *genuinely convinced* they can make us forget about their crimes. Oh, and I also read that these same people are explicitly remaining open to the concept of a draft for men 18-39 to go put their life on the line in Iran for our old pal Israel. What the fuck. **WHO WANTS TO FIGHT FOR THESE PEOPLE?**

I've reached, or almost reached, the point where even escapism (TV shows, long drives/rides, gaming) just won't do it anymore. It feels wrong. I should be doing something, but what, and with whom? We're all much too complacent to ever seriously consider doing *something* that might incite **actual** change. Just wake up and go to work. Do laundry. Talk to your friends about the same shit. Every fucking day, while this world continues to melt. This is me, and I hate it.

That said, I won't miss the opportunity to proclaim that I love my family and I love my friends, truly. We're social animals and we need eachother as much as we need food and water. Some days, my social circles are enough to distract from the raging wildfire. I wish it were every day.  

Anyways, in the past year, I've become an uncle. It's a stark reminder of time's unwavering march, although I don't feel very old quite yet. It just feels as though my only remaining serious dream is to simply be *present* for those close to me. That's it. Intimate love, home ownership, and fatherhood all appear so distant and foggy that I can no longer develop a clear image of them. If I were given the opportunity, I wouldn't raise a kid in this world, and I sincerely look up to those that are trying regardless. I just don't have the will.

I figure I'll mention that I have no desire of committing suicide, and that it feels awful to even mention such a thing. I want to see this life through, and I want to be present for my little sister, my niece, my friends, and the rest of my family. I somehow remain convinced that this life is worth living, and I still have some hope that "things will turn around" soon enough. I just don't know how much longer the human brain is designed to handle bearing witness to atrocities, hitting the lock button, and moving on.

This post might get deleted or privatized. We'll see how long I care to keep it up, given the number of people in my life that know I have a website by now.  
Please take care if you're reading this. I have to go to sleep now, so I can make it to work tomorrow. Fuck.